Session 7 REAL date June 19, 2026 game session date June 2, 2057 2 AM back office of the Siberian wolf switch, and the chin are in the middle of questioning triad member mouse. Chin which steps out and calls Ivan to ask what the Russian mafia wants done with the triad member Ivan tells him to wait. He will check with Azar and see what information he can share two minutes past Ivan calls back informed him that Czar says the tribes gave me an envelope. What message you sent back is up to you is your bar is your place. Your decision is final. You do not answer two or four the Russian mafia if you release him be cautious and make sure you’re sending the right message if you dispose of him, do it quietly and do not leave a trail. The chin instructions, one of the Brigada 12 at the bar to tell the triad member after he is released tail returns inside to speak with mouse briefly confirms that mouse was there to gain information and identified the three player characters and their ally Frost as the only true threats he was there to assess the rules of Gray line and understand the Siberian wolfs roll in gray line, he asked for the return of his weapons and reflects that he has been a gracious host and thank him for the hospitality and acting with professionalism and will return the favor or he can ask whatever he wants, and he will answer truthfully to what his abilities is switch chime in and ask about the noodle shop and tattoo parlor to which mouse answers they are the same as all businesses in the great line to generate income as well as information and influence the chin request how to contact the triad and mouse provides him with a contact number. 

GM note need to check laws on bar closing times the bar is closing at 2:30 switch and the chin settle in for the night and proceed to go to bed. Kilmer on day five of his Bender is “celebrating a successful night of poker“ continues drinking and wanders out to the dogs a few blocks away, searching for another game of chance he find some sailors on the overnight of the dog gambling and proceeds to lose 500 nuyen after an hour of gambling, he searched for about an hour for the game and then played the game. It’s almost 6 AM now he calls Faust and request nose candy. Faust says your call is unexpected but welcome. He is happy to accommodate Kilmer‘s request, Kilmer asked who he should contact and file says a delivery will be made to the Siberian wolf as soon as possible for him. Kilmer wanders back to the wolf arriving about 7:30 AM. He sees skittles outside who is also looking worse for Ware as he has been up all night decoding the hard drive, eating amphetamines and BTL chips Kilmer mistakes him for the drug courier, but is corrected by increasingly twitchy skittles skittles notes that Kilmer looks worse for Ware and ask if he needs a bit of a pick me up ask him “do you slot“ referring to BTL chips. Kilmer says he does not use those as he does not have a data Jack skittles offers him to taste the rainbow and pulls out a bag of assorted pills multicolored Kilmer asks what he should take and skittles says green beans go baby and green beans go go go go and offers him however, many he wants he asked if he has used them before Kilmer affirms which he has not so skittles dishes out for what he refers to as green goblins then he delivers a hard copy of the recovered file information. The file information is the player handout tagged under skittle’s name. Coma returns up to the apartments to wake the remaining crew around 10 AM and they discuss the information contained on the recovered drive need for their information on this discussion. The debrief happens at 10:30 AM switch context toggle requesting watercraft either jet skis or a fast boat with a low signature built for speed gives him a timeframe about a week speed and stealth or the primary objectives a weapon would be useful as well context toggle asking about blackjack status who has nothing to report at this time. The chin contacts velvet jones related to the aforementioned job from last night, asking how he can get some information velvet answers that he will bring them the information and pick them up once they know how many of his crew will be there when informed that there will be four he says he will bring the stretch referring to his larger limousine so his crew can also be present following contact with velvet. Louis is called. Lewis is to probe the docs for information related to the Kasumi star ship that may have cargo that is valuable following there is a call to Dr. Wong to check on the status of blackjack Wong reports that blackjack is stable and may awaken today chin ass the extent of his injuries and is informed that blackjack was burnt shot twice severely beaten his orbital bone crushed and a finger removed he was left for dead and a burning ship forgot a first part of the office encounter after mouse leaves. They interrogate Ellis who uses his cover story of being Graham‘s cousin and love interest of Mara to trick the team into revealing that Graham was being corded by Aries and was delivered alive. They would not reveal the location of the delivery, which was suspicious the whole time of the story and especially when he caught a small smirk after that information was revealed he asked to follow up questions, but was not able to penetrate the cover story deep enough Alice was released and another got a 12 tail was assigned. This was immediately following the mouse exchange in the early morning hours the chin following the call to Wong contacts Oleg the head of security for the bourgeoisie asking. What does he want or expect out of this crêpe shipment and how big is it? He is informed that the information was given as a reward to do with what they will, but it’s very likely it would be a large car container with valuables inside the bourgeoisie has no vested interest in the cargo
Time is allowed to pass as the team returns to normal daily operations when they return down to the bar shortly afternoon hubcap is already inside drinking. Kilmer continues to drink hubcap reaches for something in his jacket, which makes Kilmer twitchy and go for his weapon however hubcap tosses him a bag of the requested nose, candy 28 balls worth and Coles Kilmer a Tweaker elf that needs to relax and stay off that shit. He said a courier delivered it while they were upstairs at the end of hubcaps roll for this part 2 PM arrives crew steps outside down to the corner by the telecom station and the ghost electronics. I forgot what it’s called repair shop along maroon stretch limousine with gold inlay and its wheels and light fixtures travels up the street blaring a combination of old soul, music and modern adaptation of soul this is velvets stretch limousine. The windows are tinted, and the door is open for them. Inside velvet is in his lovely soup fresh looking with two gorgeous black women at his side both wearing low-cut reviewing dresses sporting tight Jerry curl Afro from the 1970s. Three of his crew are also with them similar appointed in their finery. The inside of a limo has a wet bar and crushed velvet seats, matching his general theme of opulence that somehow seems to suit his character. He takes them past the chrome halo, which is a nightclub owned by Marcus Vale. This Club is in the downtown strip district. He says the club is not the target however that Marcus has paper on many celebrities and regulars at his club. These people don’t respect or like Marcus, but do respect the leverage he has over people. He says Marcus does not retain his primary records on the matrix due to security issues and has a hard storage facility in a disguise building believes Kristel audio. This is on the downtown district as well close to the edge of the strip district, but more near the industrial warehouse part as a two level block building this building is a front and does store audio equipment, but is mainly a repository for the information that Marcus has compromising important figures. The first level of security is very light and looks disorganized but increases the deeper you go into the facility itself he tells the chin he will know what he needs to destroy when he get there. The job offer is for 30,000 union if the materials are destroyed 15,000 additional bonus if it stays discreet at which point Kilmer pulls out his weapon with a holster on it, not holster silencer, which puts velvet on edge and tells him to put that damn piece away Kilmer apologizes and says it’s the chemicals that are impacting him. The group returns via the limo to the wolf and then proceeds to load up the SUV with their weapons for a reconnaissance mission. They follow the same trail back and park on the west side near the staff entrance. The west side is exposed on the street as is the southside the north side entrance of the alley, which has one camera and apparently a ladder to go up to the roof. The windows are all secured with reinforced glass and bars. This information is gathered by Kilmer, who does recon discovering the cameras that are above the secondary door and along the sidewalk heading to the alley and then the alley camera and the ladder as well while he is doing research and recon trying to find a building to get an angle on which across the street is a taller apartment building structure that he cannot access without extreme dress and doesn’t want to blow his cover again inside the building switch and the chin into a lobby with two door doors. One doors marked reception on door is marked no authorize access at past this point there is two security guards, one younger one middle-aged both are wearing badges that obviously are security card door reader code access the doors themselves each have a secure swipe required. The receptionist buzzes the chin into the small reception area behind the first class door where he proceeds to try and convince her that he as a business owner wants to store some equipment there tries to gain access to the back area access is denied as she shows in a schematic and gives him the pricing details for a month and week rentals during this time switch attempts to converse with the middle-age guard who indicates that his shift is ending soon when pressed about what happens after shift and how much security he becomes slightly suspicious and shut down. Tell if he wants to talk about something else like the Celtics he would be happy to do so, but will not discuss security any further. The young man is posted by the door. The group proceeds out to the car, which at approximately 6:30 after all travel and casing of the joint is finished as they begin to leave they observe a single guard entering through the secondary security door or the staff door on the west side, Kilmer approached the front door and sees that two other guards have not exited yet and leaves in frustration. This is where the session ended due to timing. There is no karma award for the session as it was interrupted, and this karma award will be deferred until session 8 if it resigns when they went to go pursue recon, it should be noted that switch contacted snacks. His legit be imate contact that works for Lonestar as the dispatcher. The donut indicates that switches on a case and snacks saying where they were headed where they were headed to the audio storage facility other facts Marcus Vale is the club owner and has photographs, compromising important figures as well as documents and possible footage at this storage facility should be noted that there are three entrances outlined to the storage facility thus far the dock on the east south east corner of the building the main doors on the southern facing side and the west side has a one Steele security door for personnel onlyhe Chin reads the likely meaning:
The Chin:
"I think it's saying that if we would've used this thing on the crate, we would've opened it."
Switch:
"Well, we kind of thought that, didn't we?"
The Chin:
"And this code matters."
